New Product Docs - First pass (#11175)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: docs/AddNewProduct.md

evolution, so you should also consult with the iCore team as you are ramping up.

## Swift

While much of Firebase has been implemented in Objective C, any new products or major
implementations should be implemented in Swift. If Objective C API support is required it should
be implemented via the Swift `@objc` attribute. Consult with iCore and product management about
the requirement itself.

Apple and others provide many great guides for Swift programming. Googlers, see also this [2022
presentation](go/swift-sdks-2022).

Existing Firebase Swift implementations can be helpful. However, note that they are mostly
Objective C ports and do not take advantage of Swift features like structs, default arguments, and
async/await as much as new implementations should.

### Swift Style

Follow this [Style Guide](https://google.github.io/swift/).

Firebase uses [swiftformat](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat) for enforcing code
formatting consistency.

## Package Managers

Firebase supports four different distributions - Swift Package Manager, CocoaPods, Carthage, and
binary zip distributions.

> It can be developed via Swift Package Manager or CocoaPods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firebase SDKs can be developed via Swift Package Manager or CocoaPods.
```

The new project should set up a `podspec` for CocoaPods and add a `product` specification to

> [Package.swift](Package.swift).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Package.swift](Package.swift).
```

## Testing

All Firebase code should be unit tested. Ideally, the unit tests should be driven from both
CocoaPods and Swift Package Manager. If only one is implemented, it should be SPM.

## Dependencies

Dependencies are a great way to add libraries of well-tested functionality to Firebase. On the flip
side, they can add bloat and risk to the Firebase user experience. Ideally, only existing Firebase
dependencies should be used. See [Package.swift](Package.swift). If a new dependency is needed,

> consider making it a weak dependency and only hard depending on a protocol. Any new hard

Reviewer: I don't quite follow the _and only hard depending on a protocol_ part. Could you maybe rework the back half of that sentence?

Author: @ncooke3 PTAL
